Reorganize README, add dedicated install guides, include policies and governance info for the github server (#695)
github/github-mcp-server: docs/installation-guides/install-cursor.md

# Install GitHub MCP Server in Cursor

## Prerequisites
1. Cursor IDE installed (latest version)
2. [GitHub Personal Access Token](https://github.com/settings/personal-access-tokens/new) with appropriate scopes
3. For local installation: [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) installed and running

## Remote Server Setup (Recommended)

> The remote GitHub MCP server is hosted by GitHub at `https://api.githubcopilot.com/mcp/` and supports both HTTP and SSE protocols. Cursor currently supports remote servers with PAT authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The remote GitHub MCP server is hosted by GitHub at `https://api.githubcopilot.com/mcp/` and supports Streamable HTTP protocol. Cursor currently supports remote servers with PAT authentication.
```

> ### SSE Configuration

Reviewer: We are using the streamable HTTP protocol
```suggestion
### Streamable HTTP Configuration
```

> As of Cursor v0.48.0, Cursor supports SSE servers directly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of Cursor v0.48.0, Cursor supports Streamable HTTP servers directly:
```

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "github": {
      "url": "https://api.githubcopilot.com/mcp/",
      "headers": {
        "Authorization": "Bearer YOUR_GITHUB_PAT"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> **Note**: You may need to update to the latest version, if the current version doesn't support direct SSE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: You may need to update to the latest version, if the current version doesn't support direct Streamable HTTP
```
